### Thanks for visiting here! 👋

- 🔭 I’m currently working on several projects:
  -  At Research Square Company I'm converting an internal workflow UI that's been around 15 years into a more modular system that better addresses our internal needs. I'm working with a UX designer and project team to meet regularly with our users to discuss their needs and then bringing these changes to life with incremental changes to a brand new UI that will get rolled out in phases and feature flagged to each user group. The old system was using Laminas MVC with Vanilla JS and jQuery and the new UI uses React with a combination of a REST backend and a GraphQL backend. These backends query a MySQL database and an Elasticsearch cache (ask me about the awful hell of keeping these in sync and how we've almost backed out of this multiple times. I do think it's the right the decision, but we can have an interesting chat around these challenges nonetheless.)
  -  I'm helping my wife bootstrap her business: https://haleyfairchild.com. The source is all [here](https://github.com/stephenfairchild/haleyfairchild.com). Haley started sharing her art with the world in 2021. She's always been a great artist, but hasn't had an outlet to get her art out there. She started attending festivals and is slowly building an email list of clients. This site is a basic splash page wrote with NextJS and Tailwind and is deployed on Vercel. It links to a really, really basic Shopify cart/theme. (Because while it sounded super fun to roll our own, she's not in the business of building shopping carts )
  -  I'm helping my friends build a Telemedicine mobile app. Here's our about page where you can find my bio: https://oyeglobalmedicalfoundation.org/who-we-are/. (Note that I don't manage the website haha.) This telemedicine app connects doctors in 3rd world countries with US doctors so they can communicate and discuss difficult cases and knowledge share in almost real time. It's basically a doctor social media site with a chat feature. It's a large project that I've learned quite a bit from. The stack is React Native frontend with Expo and a Node JS backend. We've not shipped it yet, but we're ready to do that very soon so we can start gathering some feedback. We've finally found some doctors to help us beta test and provide feedback. This company is a non-profit and I don't get paid. I took this on because I was passionate about the cause and it was a great opportunity to play around with mobile development. I chose RN because I was already familiar with React and that was one less thing I would need to learn in the totally different world that is mobile. 
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Rust through studying the Linux Programming Interface
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on CLI projects that improve productivity. These tools are fun to build, useful and are different enough from my daily work. 
- 🤔 What I want to learn next: My 2022 goal is to dive deep into Disrete Mathematics
- 📫 How to reach me: stephenfairchilddev@gmail.com
- 😄 Pronouns: He/Him
- ⚡ Fun fact: I took my kids on a 6-month backpacking trip through Southeast Asia and we had the time of our lives. We've since done the same thing in Europe and Mexico. We honestly would have never stopped, but my daughter loves drums and wanted to attend public school so she could learn to play from a real band director (Dad enjoys guitar but is a terrible drummer).
